---
tag: writing
--- 
There are a few different kinds of adventures. I think there are 3. But first, what makes an outing an adventure? I think it has to do with the aspect of a challenge. It's got to have some kind of goal that you aren't sure you can achieve. It's not an adventure if there's nothing to turn back from. It doesn't necessarily have to be risky, though that's a common challenge. Another kind could be discomfort. It could be wet or cold or hot or humid or otherwise just kinda uncomfortable in some way. That it might make you not succeed at the goal is what makes it an adventure. Now, for the kinds of adventure. 

There are societal adventures. These are adventures in to a part of society or culture that you would never otherwise experience. Going to a city in a new country, spending a weekend in the big city, that kind of thing. The challenge might come from the social anxiety confronted, the risks associated with being in an unfamiliar place, or the embarrassment of interacting with others poorly. 

There are natural adventures. These are adventures into nature. Experiencing new parts of nature, going to the mountains or the coast, sleeping in the woods or in a field getting out there. I think natural adventures are the most classical kind of adventure. Testing oneself against whatever is out there. The challenge in natural adventures generally comes from the risks and discomfort of the elements, the flora, and the fauna. 

Finally, there are relationship-based adventures. Activities you undertake with a goal in mind with another person, where the goal pertains to what is developed between you. I think this is a whole other ballgame, and a lot harder to define. It's still an adventure, but the risks are a bit more intangible. They involve the continuation & nature of the relationship, social fallout, and other stuff like that. 

I think it's good to try and do some kind of adventure as often as you can. The overcoming of an obstacle, the learning of a new skill, the honing of a craft, or any number of other things you need to get through an adventure will benefit you in your daily life. Without discomfort and challenge, how can we grow as people? This will undoubtedly mean failing, but that's still learning, possibly more so than succeeding. There's no way to know your limit until you reach it. 